Update database.md, added public IP limitation of Aurora Serverless. (#751)
brefphp/bref: docs/environment/database.md

1. the database can be made publicly accessible and protected by a username and password
2. the database can be made inaccessible from internet by putting it in a private network (aka [VPC](https://aws.amazon.com/fr/vpc/))

> > You can't give an Aurora Serverless DB cluster a public IP address. You can access an Aurora Serverless DB cluster only from within a virtual private cloud (VPC) based on the Amazon VPC service. You can examine the details about limitations of Aurora Serverless from [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/aurora-serverless.html).

Reviewer: Thanks!

To simplify (we're in the introduction of the page) and stay in line with the previous wording, I would suggest this:

```suggestion
> Note that Aurora Serverless [cannot be made publicly accessible](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/aurora-serverless.html), only the second option is possible.
```
